Don't let it go
Do you want to give up?
Don't let me be like this
Do you know that no one wants you?
Don't let it go
Excuse me.
I shouldn't have treated you like that, but I shouldn't have believed you.
This is all my fault.
Let you forgive me, okay?
I've found a ghost doctor who says he can cure you
You are really pregnant
unexpected
I'm dying to have a baby
God is really kidding?
The rest in the future
Of course they will say
This is our first child.
My current situation
You know it too
After the child is born
I can't get a father's love either
No matter what you can let my man marry
Let him be the father of the child
Life like this
The way of the pick-up man is a bit shameful
live again
It can also be a challenge
My girl, I will not marry anyone else
I won't abort the baby either.
I would love to have time with you
But I can't forget me
It will be hard for you alone
With parental help as well.
Lin Feng, I beg you to say it again. We are too important.
Say
If you can't
You can't help it as soon as your child is born.
You must have the courage to live with determination
yang yang
The first good girl
And it continues to grow.
Still willing to never give up
If I hadn't had this disease
If you are still not pregnant
I think I'll be back with you tonight
Did you call me just now?
Since it's boring to talk to that ghost doctor
Then don't force it
Let me go home